add chained tests (#136)
anti-work/shortest: packages/shortest/README.md

- AI-powered test execution using Claude computer use API
- Built on Playwright
- GitHub integration with 2FA support
- Test dependency chaining with reusable test steps

## Installation
```bash

> npm install -D @antiwork/shortest

Reviewer: IMO these should be in its own PR, as not related to this feature

});
```

## Test Dependencies
You can chain tests to depend on other tests. The dependent tests will only run after their required tests have completed successfully:

```typescript
import { shortest } from '@antiwork/shortest';

shortest('Login to the application', { 
  email: 'test@shortest.com', 
  password: 'password' 
})
.expect('User should be logged in successfully');

shortest('Create a new post', { 
  title: 'Test Post', 
  content: 'This is a test' 
})

> .requires('Login to the application')  // This test will run after login

Reviewer 2: So something I really like about the library as it exists currently is that it's really elegant and concise, requiring only the `shortest` function call to run a test. IMO adding too many types of chained methods kind of defeats that.

I think it should be possible to have this type of call structure:

```
shortest("test spec")
    .then("dependent test spec 1")
    .then("dependent test spec 2");
``` 
 
What do you think?

Author: it will still have that problem if want to run it like:
```typescript
shortest("test spec")

shortest("dependent test spec 2");

shortest("dependent test spec 1")
    .requires("test spec", "dependent test spec 2")
```

There is no equivalent way to do it in that approach.

Author: we can do 

```typescript
shortest("test spec")
    .then("dependent test spec 2")
    .then("dependent test spec 1");
```

but i will force me to let "dependent test spec 2" depend on "test spec" even if I don't want to.

Reviewer: Instead of using magic strings, could we assign a variable to the test and then have that be the input, versus a string that matches?

E.g

login = shortest("user can login")

after(login).shortest("user can create post")

or

shortest("user can create post").depends_on(login)

(I prefer the first as more readable.)

Author: I like the first one too, and there is no constraints when we add multiple dependencies.

after(login, click_settings).shortest("change language to arabic")

});
```

> ## Test Dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Chained Tests
```

> You can create reusable test steps and chain them together. This helps organize complex test flows and maintain state between related tests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create reusable test steps and chain them together to organize test flows and maintain state between related tests.
```

```typescript
import { shortest, after } from '@antiwork/shortest';

// Define reusable test steps
const login = shortest('User can login', { 
  email: 'test@example.com',
  password: 'password'
});

const settings = shortest('Click settings button');

// Chain tests with dependencies
after(login, settings)

>   .shortest('Change language to Arabic')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .shortest('Language can be changed to Arabic')
```

Author: instead of expect the developer can use this approach

>   .expect('Language should be Arabic');

Reviewer: Do we need the expects? Feels like something shortest should handle.

Author: if there is no expectations we don't add them to the prompt, but we can specify it in the shortest string. it's just a preference.
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/23f8c03e-94f2-4ae1-913f-61564f2062a0)

// Store intermediate steps
const changeLanguage = after(login, settings)
  .shortest('Change language to Arabic');

> // Use stored steps in other tests
> after(changeLanguage)
>   .shortest('Verify Arabic UI')
>   .expect('UI elements should be in Arabic');
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Use stored steps in other tests
shortest(login).shortest(changeLanguage).shortest(changeLanguageBack)
```

What about something like this? Keeps it all as shortest and keeps it very clean and simple.

Reviewer: This may mean that writing tests could be as simple as:

```
shortest(login).shortest(changeLanguage).shortest(changeLanguageBack)
```

```
shortest(login).shortest(changeLanguageToJapanese).shortest(changeLanguageBackToEnglish)
```

And AI could automatically "cache" the login step?

(This gets a little crazy so maybe in another PR. haha)

Author: man, love that, it sounds great, but I agree with the last! let's make it seperated that this

Author: this approach is great but I don't think it will replace this approach of `after()` function since we can depend on one shortest test in mutliple `after()`

```typescript
const login = shortest("login ...", {...credentials})

after(login).shortest("The dark mode could be changed")
after(login).shortest("The language should be english")
```

Author: ofc we can develop it in that approach too if we checked the type of the input if it's ChainTest or string.

Reviewer: Yeah think we should detect!

> Benefits:

Reviewer: Not useful imo.

Author: we can remove it since it's a dev docs.
